[EDU-3235] refactor: change in to file cli flags (#438)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/cli/azion-cli-alpha/domains/domains.mdx

The `--help` option displays more information about the `azion create domain` action.

#### file

> The `--file` option specifies a path to a JSON file containing the attributes that will be updated. You can use `-` to read from stdin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--file` option specifies a path to a JSON file containing the attributes that'll be updated. You can use `-` to read from stdin.
```
